---
layout: post
title: Week One is Done
---

I haven't been as productive this weekend as I was during last week. Actually, I'm not sure I was terribly productive last week, but I did spend a lot of time trying to be productive.

I do wish that I would've taken notes every day on my thoughts about the boot camp. Looking back on the first week, I know I was stressed about getting the project done. I suspect this will be a recurring theme. I am glad that I had good partners for the project, so we were able to stay on track and deliver a presentation at the end of the week. Thanks, Wasila and Josh!

I also felt a bit unorganized. I'm not sure going with an Ubuntu virtual machine on my Windows computer was wise. The VM feels a bit under-powered, and I'm still running many applications in Windows. So I find myself switching back and forth between them. It's especially cumbersome when trying to share information between the two either via copy and paste or a shared folder. I should probably just go with Windows as both Anaconda and Git for Windows have shells that appear to do what needs to be done for the class. I'm just a bit worried about breaking something with my current Windows install of Anaconda and costing myself more time than I might save in the end. I'll see how this next week goes, and maybe I'll make a change next weekend.

I'm not sure this is a proper blog post for the class. According to the presentation we had on blogging, suggested styles of blogs include "technical write-ups, sleek visuals, fun stories, web apps, etc." So this post probably goes under the "etc" category.

I probably shouldn't have waited until Sunday night to write this post. I'm already starting to feel a little bit of stress thinking about class which starts in 9 hours. I'll try to do better about writing quick notes every day and then compiling them for a blog post on Friday or Saturday. We'll see how that goes.

Week one is done! Week two has just begun.
